c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\CreateQuiz.dll
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\CreateQuiz.pdb
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\obj\Debug\CreateQuiz.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\obj\Debug\CreateQuiz.dll
c:\users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\obj\Debug\CreateQuiz.pdb
C:\Users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\BusinessLayer.dll
C:\Users\saiteja\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\BusinessLayer.pdb
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\CreateQuiz.dll
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\CreateQuiz.pdb
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\BusinessLayer.dll
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\BusinessLayer.pdb
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\obj\Debug\CreateQuiz.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\obj\Debug\CreateQuiz.dll
C:\Users\saiteja\Desktop\CreateQuiz\CreateQuiz\obj\Debug\CreateQuiz.pdb
